[Music]
I'm taking a moment out of my schedule
at the Fort Lauderdale 2016 Boat Show to
sit down on this 35 foot formula it's a
brand new boat and what's really
interesting isn't up here it's back
there despite the fact that most people
think of formula as sterndrive boats and
most of their models are stern drives
this is an outboard version now a lot of
people would say 35 foot is pretty big
for a day boat and it is but one of the
things that that Loa gets you is enough
room for a cabin behind the console now
the cabin is exactly huge but hey you do
get a berth large enough for a couple to
spend a night or two a board back here
you get a stand-up head and there is a
little mini galley up forward is the
formula 350 CB are the right boat for
you
hey only you can answer that question
but if you're looking for a relatively
large day boat you won't want to type
quality and you want one that runs on a
port powered this is one you'll probably
want to check out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters